Apply scd feedback (#963)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/apps/app-base-guide.md

For a complete reference of the structure of the manifest file, take a look at the [Manifest reference](../../../resources/references/app-reference/manifest-reference.md).

## Setup (optional)

> > **Note**
> > Only if your app backend server and Shopware need to communicate, it is necessary that registration is performed during the installation of your app. This process is called setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %} Only if your app backend server and Shopware need to communicate it is necessary that registration is performed during the installation of your app. This process is called setup. {% endhint %}
```
